etc/bash_completion.d/docker				    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
etc/default/docker					    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
etc/init.d/docker					    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
etc/init/docker.conf					    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
lib/systemd/system/docker.service			    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
lib/systemd/system/docker.socket			    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
lib/udev/rules.d/80-docker-engine.rules			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/bin/docker						    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-containerd				    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-containerd-ctr				    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-containerd-shim				    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-init					    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-proxy					    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/docker-runc					    admin/docker-engine
usr/bin/dockerd						    admin/docker-engine
usr/lib/docker/dockerinit				    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/doc/docker-engine/README.md.gz		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/doc/docker-engine/changelog.Debian.gz		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/check-config.sh		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/desktop-integration/README.md docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/desktop-integration/chromium/Dockerfile docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/desktop-integration/gparted/Dockerfile docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/Dockerfile.dev docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/Dockerfile.min docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/manager.go docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/manager.sh docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/manager/systemd docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/host-integration/manager/upstart docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-alpine.sh	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-arch-pacman.conf    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-arch.sh		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-archarm-pacman.conf admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-busybox.sh	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-crux.sh		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-debootstrap.sh	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-pld.sh		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-rinse.sh	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-unittest.sh	    docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage-yum.sh		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage.sh		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/.febootstrap-minimize docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/busybox-static	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/debootstrap	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/mageia-urpmi	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/rinse		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkimage/solaris		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkseccomp.pl		    docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/mkseccomp.sample	    docker-engine
usr/share/docker-engine/contrib/nuke-graph-directory.sh	    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/fish/vendor_completions.d/docker.fish		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-attach.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-build.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-checkpoint-create.1.gz	    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-checkpoint-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-checkpoint-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-checkpoint.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-commit.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-attach.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-commit.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-cp.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-diff.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-exec.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-export.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-inspect.1.gz	    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-kill.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-logs.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-pause.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-port.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-prune.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-rename.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-restart.1.gz	    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-run.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-start.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-stats.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-stop.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-top.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-unpause.1.gz	    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-update.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container-wait.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-container.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-cp.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-create.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-daemon.1.gz			    docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-deploy.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-diff.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-events.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-exec.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-export.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-history.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-build.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-history.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-import.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-load.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-ls.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-prune.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-pull.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-push.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-rm.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-save.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image-tag.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-image.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-images.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-import.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-info.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-inspect.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-kill.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-load.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-login.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-logout.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-logs.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-connect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-disconnect.1.gz	    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-prune.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-network.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-demote.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-ls.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-promote.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-ps.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-rm.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node-update.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-node.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-pause.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-disable.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-enable.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-install.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-push.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-set.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin-upgrade.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-plugin.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-port.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-ps.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-pull.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-push.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-rename.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-restart.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-rm.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-rmi.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-run.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-save.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-search.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-secret-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-secret-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-secret-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-secret-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-secret.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-logs.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-ps.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-scale.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service-update.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-service.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack-deploy.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack-ls.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack-ps.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack-rm.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack-services.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stack.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-start.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stats.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-stop.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-init.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-join-token.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-join.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-leave.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-unlock-key.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-unlock.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm-update.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-swarm.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-system-df.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-system-events.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-system-info.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-system-prune.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-system.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-tag.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-top.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-unpause.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-update.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-version.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume-create.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume-inspect.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume-ls.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume-prune.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume-rm.1.gz		    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-volume.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker-wait.1.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man1/docker.1.gz				    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man5/Dockerfile.5.gz			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/man/man5/config-json.5.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man5/docker-config-json.5.gz		    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man8/docker-daemon.8.gz			    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/man/man8/dockerd.8.gz				    admin/docker-engine
usr/share/nano/Dockerfile.nanorc			    admin/docker-engine,docker-engine
usr/share/zsh/vendor-completions/_docker		    docker-engine,admin/docker-engine
